Update scim.md (#6726)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/iam/scim.md

2. [Complete the Microsoft Entra ID setup guide for SCIM](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/saas-apps/segment-provisioning-tutorial){:target="_blank”}

> info ""

> > To make Azure compatible with Segment's SCIM v2 implementation, append the flag `?aadOptscim062020` to the tenant URL as explained in [Microsoft Entra ID guide](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/app-provisioning/application-provisioning-config-problem-scim-compatibility#flags-to-alter-the-scim-behavior) . This change will ensure that the correct request structure is used when removing a user from a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To make Azure compatible with Segment's SCIM v2 implementation, append the flag `?aadOptscim062020` to the tenant URL as explained in the [Microsoft Entra ID documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/app-provisioning/application-provisioning-config-problem-scim-compatibility#flags-to-alter-the-scim-behavior){:target="_blank”}. By appending the flag to your tenant URL, your request has the correct structure when you remove a user from a group.
```
